Update README on authenticating using jib.to.auth.username|password with major cloud registries (#2628)
GoogleContainerTools/jib: jib-maven-plugin/README.md

e.g. `mvn compile jib:build -Djib.to.auth.username=user -Djib.to.auth.password=pass`

> **Note:** This method of authentication should be used only as a last resort, as it is insecure to make your password visible in plain text. Furthermore the username for the registry AWS ECR is always AWS and the password you need to get it using the command: `aws ecr get-login-password`. Passing aws keys and secret does not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This method of authentication should be used only as a last resort, as it is insecure to make your password visible in plain text. Note that often cloud registries (such as Google GCR, Amazon ECR, Azure ACR) do not accept "user credentials" (such as Gmail account name and password) but require different forms of credentials. For example, you may use [`oauth2accesstoken` or `_json_key`](https://cloud.google.com/container-registry/docs/advanced-authentication) as the username for GCR depending on the authentication method, and [`AWS`](https://serverfault.com/questions/1004915/what-is-the-proper-way-to-log-in-to-ecr) for ECR. For ACR, you may use a [_service principle_](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-auth-service-principal).
```
